*Source:*  
Third Southern African Regional  
ACM Collegiate Programming Competition  
Sponsored by IBM  
Problem 4 – Blue Balloon  

# Alien Security

You are in charge of security at a top-secret government research
facility. Recently your government has captured a live extra-terrestrial
(ET) life form, and is hosting an open day for fellow researchers. Of
course, not all the guests can be trusted, so they are assigned
different security clearance levels. Only guests with a level 5 rating
will be allowed into the lab where the extra-terrestrial is being held;
other than that, everyone is free to roam throughout the rest of the
facility. Each room in the facility is connected via one-way airlocks,
so that you can pass through the door in only one direction.

To protect your precious ET you will put in place enhanced security
measures (in the form of armed guards) on the route leading to the room
containing the ET, but not in the room itself – the guards do not have
sufficient clearance to enter the room containing the ET. The guards
will check the identity and the security rating of all guests trying to
pass through the room in which they are stationed, so you would like to
place the guards where they will cause the minimum amount of irritation
to the guests who have no intention of visiting the ET. The room where
the guards must be placed thus satisfies the following two conditions:

1. In order to get to the room containing the ET, the guests must pass
   through the room containing the guards;

2. There is no other room with this property that is closer to the room
   containing the ET – remember, the guards cannot be placed in the room
containing the ET itself.

The diagram below illustrates one possible map of your facility:

![Room Diagram](rooms.png)


Note that placing the guards in room 2 would satisfy the first
condition, but room 3 is closer to the ET, so the guards must be placed
in room 3.
All guests enter through room 0, the entrance to your facility. Your
program accepts a sequence of lines containing integers. The first line
consists of two integers: the number of rooms, and the room in which the
ET is being held (out of his own free will, of course). The rest of the
input is a sequence of lines consisting of only two integers, specifying
where the airlock-doors are located. The first number on these lines
specifies the source room, and the second the destination room.
Remember: you can pass only from the source room to the destination
room.

The output of your program consists only of a single line:

*Put guards in room N.*

where N is the room you've decided to place the guards.

**SAMPLE INPUT**

This input sequence specifies the map shown above.

    9 4
    0 2
    2 3
    3 4
    5 3
    5 4
    3 6
    6 5
    6 7
    6 8
    4 7
    0 1
    1 7
    7 0

**SAMPLE OUTPUT**

*Put guards in room 3.*

